# Reflections on chapter 2 
I have put some thought into naming before reading this chapter, but after reading it and while writing this module I definitely think my naming has improved. I also spent more time than I usually do refining the names and changing them when needed. I usually try to reveal **intent** with my naming, but before reading this chapter I would probably have named a method like `createVariantRequest` as `createRequest` to keep it shorter. Reading chapter two made me think more outside of myself and look at the code as if I were another developer who had not written it. That made me ask questions like: “What is the request? Well, it’s a variant request.” Reflecting on it further, it should probably have been `createColorVariantRequest`, which is even longer but more clear to the reader.

On kind of the same note, I also though a lot about the the rule about making **meaningful distinctions**. It is very easy to end up with names like `getData` or `sendInfo`, which don’t really tell the reader anything. After reading this chapter, I see the importance of pushing myself to be more precise, even if it makes names longer.

I already had **pronounceable names** in mind when coding, and I agree a lot with that part of the chapter—I usually avoid abbreviations. One thing I realized while reading was how easy it is to accidentally force the reader to do unnecessary mental translation (e.g., when abbreviating or being too generic), and that is something I want to avoid more consciously in the future.

I agreed that having *searchable names* is really important, especially for variables that appear mutliple times, but it was hard to use in practice. Not hard as in not necessary, but hard as in I had to think a couple of extra rounds when naimg my varaibles so that the intent was clear and they were also eaasy to find. 
